But now it's recording. Because you can, besides of the visualization, that is for pre-sales. On one side, seeing the property is also like having what is the path from the Kauza walking and whatever to identify them also. So you have your travel paths in your property also, where the fences are exactly. And how you say you can really visualize it better than when you have like a house you can put a house and you can see how the house is interactive. I want the lighting interact with each other. I want to make a lot of the marketing bullshit for when he's showing to possible clients. This is the place and it's not even built but you can show all the buildings already. And then second for the buildings himself is the construction cost but I think he has to ring for that one But even like that you can... I will just give this like a safe If you want you can have the like assisted that is like all the financials and also all the construction costs of each individual building Appointments on when the construction is done These hardy cities are all the types of things that can help you with, but we need to know what Harisay, but we are currently setting everything up, Harisay for different clients and we are figuring out what works best for everybody. Harisay, so a cell phone from Haylo is working progress, things are going fast, things are changing a lot in time, but here is where we can help you at this moment. website for it, no problem whatsoever. You should have a reference website. This is what we did in this life. You have, I think, another 4 or 5 sites. I have a few that are not looked decent. Yeah. And that is from, hey, this is what we have. And how do you say, if you want, you can have a better design. I am a software engineer, I'm not a designer. But then we need to hire a designer to do the final design, but we will find one that will help Harisaid and Doso. Up to you, depending on what you want to pay, this is what we can do. For me, we will also be talking to a few people and be like, what are your expertise? What do you, the hoe, are you with AI? But that is you need to, you guys need to fight, okay, that's going to do your multimedia. But who's going to do your back off at some moment? That you know you guys need to find out who you're going to do what's going to do AI. What do you do? You, man. Yeah. I wish you could also do like, yeah. I wish you could also do Gavi if you want some artistic friend to draw by and suggest things. For example, because that's not your strong point. And that doesn't matter, everybody has their own strong points. Find the one that is, find the right collaborations. And that doesn't mean that they are hired to the 24-7 or whatever, or they can be on project basis. Yes. Learn how to say I do things works and what's the weapon. You can do many of that. I want this and this, OK? Next day is there. It could be an hour there. Would you pay for each amount of normal price, because it's not that one hour, you know, also? Yeah, that's... The fact that I would be talking with the person and with the eye and the eye, find that right price for everything. And if you start asking it, I can do it also. I'm only thinking about the time to do so. That's why I'm asking you to do so. Yeah. Therefore, we're setting up... First, the 3D map of the place, our 2D map with point of the trees and then make from that one a 3D one. figure out what is better sites for for more data maybe also like when analyzing all the type of things from hey, what can you expect maybe historical data on that one also could be interesting Hey, hey, wait, you know things long you would have never thought about just collect everything It's like what what is what you need to know? So market valuation, market how was going on? A price of properties around and whatsoever, but that's more for mom. But the thing is, it's an area that is emptying out. People are leaving there. People have no clue what they're going away from. I mean, if you can buy the whole place, there are many properties there that can be bought. This was like an excellent place. I mean, how do you say, the people that had it didn't know what they had. But that is vision, having an idea. But they wanted to create like four essays on what's happened, four different companies, for different things. And the father knows one of the main investors in it that is how they want to give warm hands to their kids So he's a... He's a staff that, it's not as real that, but you know, he's like a family. And they want to help him out, I mean they're helping setting up his properties easy to do, and buying things there, how do you say? You can pass things around, you know? Things are flexible. And the idea is that it is also to sell houses, so I already say sell in the upper area. That's why in the top area where they are pouring the house, that field they want to put houses over there. In a such a way that they are not obstructing each other. So it's very important to know, okay, if you put a house with this amount of story, how would it be built, where would be the road should the road be going? And you can visualize it, you can visualize what would be the view when you're waking up in the morning. You can have the sun, you know? Yeah. So the mapping is what would be the most useful for West, only historical data. Historical data, the thing is, hey, if he wants to create a place, Because the main place is the bigger house in the house if I could view. And you know, we have a staff, you have a restaurant that you can go to. Not like a closed neighborhood, but a kind of a closed neighborhood. Yeah. They have the planning for those things also would be nice to help. Yeah, that's what I have to say, but that is... God knows what to have with them. So one is the property as I think. The one is the camping as I, the other one is the construction as I, and the third one is the building as I. And they can also do outside things or whatever, but that is a little bit the construction that he was having in mind. You're not doing the wood now. Sorry? No, I'm feeling the wind in my eyes. Now you feel the weight in your ass Anyway watch out with the vaping don't do it It's bad for your lungs Here I keep it under the 200 degrees 195 But Yeah, I say I can make a pinch That the most the household I told him also You know go to one of those places take out take a big ladder And stand on the top of the ladder and there's got the view because that's the view what you have on the second floor. But you can't generate that with this one also. Also, there is a hill on the other side. If you have the Google map, when you look from the top what you have a hill on There was a meeting. Sorry? That was the meeting at work. That was meeting, yes. Yeah, but there was a meeting. All the meetings were left over. And there was a little bit. Yeah, I saw it. It was like, where did you go? There was so much to meet. I don't think you guys could finish it. But, you're linked to doing another time to check it. But if you go to that place, I will show you the view from there. I was there and you can put Google Earth in that position. I just couldn't show to mom because I didn't have to mouse. Why are you not you open? Yeah, and as someone who is camping booking, mom also booked already for me. She's 16 birthday there. Booker, how you saying? Higher, few of the houses. If I take the glass, I will take the card. The card is on you. Can you? Can I have that? That point? I'll hit this one. From here, you look over. Fucking annoying. Oh damn it! You zoom out and then you... From here, this is part of it. I'm pretty sure. I was watching and then you watch over this hill here. So if you have to the whole valley, you have from there, from here. And you have the whole view through the valley there and you have from here you have the view just over that hill. This view, this view, you should screenshot. What was it? What was it today? I passed yesterday AI. Did you find the US cloud, what it felt about, that the Palantino was using AI to select targets for the bombing in Iraq and that's because of that one. You must have had a few people. Oh, and the answer from... I'm not feeling really okay with it. And I'm more or less complaining about why he did the green and the green was used for this type of thing. It is like I'm dropping this at the radio. I have no influence on how I'm being used but if you're asking what my thoughts are about this Did they actually see to the end? What is? I've been like full of let's phones on civilians All America interests What makes you? You have an other wheel and you have also a wallet for whatever This is some moment because it's a one-float, my whole thing is for some time on the top and then have a look at a strong one for the first 30 times. It should hold you on three, you can think of the water so many things. Yeah, the most important thing is the view. You can generate the whole area that you can generate in the whole area. Ideally, I would try to get the competitors all the competitors. also, the place is the activities to do, activities that could be done. And I think I would try to apply map below this. Sorry, the map in high quality here, I think low poly like here, the polygonal height plus vegetation. But for the images, I think vegetation with AI, image done and then the art will be a bit less full HD than the AI one. It's your final iPhone. It looks like she'll have to see something tomorrow. Yeah. You could not answer or something or... No, it's her final iPhone app. Yeah, yeah. What are you saying? No, it's from the... It's from the location now or not. Yeah, that's it. No, Pauline. It needs more help with the advertisement assets and materials for the thingy. Yeah, that's the visualization is helping that and then the construction wise that is planning wise. Those houses they're going to build only in three years. Okay. I think they move fast, maybe they go very fast. They could go very fast. So help with house placement, roads placement, I love the infrastructure they might need. I think the house has a modular tooling in it. But as for what do you have with it, just Excel? What do you do? Some do have so many tools. If so, I give past me Excel and whatever you're using, I can have it a lot. And all of those things from Hive, from all its mates, whatever that they're using is also Hive. This is an excellent blah blah blah project, whatever. It's all marketing. and it's doing all sorts of things you know some of you guys like the experience of us pepper you can do this for everybody I like that that was just a heavy or whatever she's coming back pick up the phone so I take it to the phone now it's a good opportunity that there is no traffic I'm checking it for the my bills to be done I will go up surfing with this slide. I think it's just running also. Do you want your mouse? Yeah, better. Looking for something, but seeing it, it's almost in the open. Because I know that. Most of them will be coming back. Who will be to the mouse to get this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All of them. Just to get this. I'm going to cut this audio.